docs: update observability demo and cross links (#286)
openservicemesh/osm-docs: content/docs/demos/prometheus_grafana.md

---

> title: "Integrate OSM with Prometheus and Grafana"

Reviewer: The other OSM demos have a slightly different format. For example, all demos begin like this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64559656/143059456-a77b96e8-a81f-4aff-9138-9c0b6faa7432.png)

And the `Integrate OSM with Prometheus and Grafana` demo is formatted like this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64559656/143060863-99e108db-868a-4392-adc9-1a07dc8b4f3c.png)

I am not sure what the best formatting option is and this doesn't need to be addressed in this PR, but I think a consistent layout is helpful.

Author: agreed. let me know what you think of the formatting for this demo and i can update the others as well

Reviewer: I like including the title and using the subtitle font for the description as long as it is brief.

description: "Describes how to set up an OSM-specific configuration and dashboards with your own Prometheus and Grafana stack"
type: docs
weight: 25
---

> 

Reviewer: I think all other demos have a list of prerequisites at the beginning of the article. Could we add this here?

Author: fixed

Author: fixed

# Integrate OSM with your own Prometheus and Grafana stack

The following article shows you how to create an example bring your own (BYO) Prometheus and Grafana stack on your cluster and configure that stack for observability and monitoring of OSM. For an example using an automatic provisioning of a Prometheus and Grafana stack with OSM, see the [Observability](https://docs.openservicemesh.io/docs/getting_started/observability/) getting started guide.

The configuration created in this article should not be used in production environments. For production-grade deployments, see [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/master/Documentation/user-guides/getting-started.md) and [Deploy Grafana in Kubernetes](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/installation/kubernetes/).

## Deploy an example Prometheus instance

Use `helm` to deploy a Prometheus instance to your cluster.

```
helm repo add prometheus-community https://prometheus-community.github.io/helm-charts
helm repo update

> helm install stable prometheus-community/prometheus

Reviewer: Should we call out that we are using the default namespace?

Author: fixed

```

The output of the `helm install` command contains the DNS name of the Prometheus server. For example: 

```
...
The Prometheus server can be accessed via port 80 on the following DNS name from within your cluster:
stable-prometheus-server.metrics.svc.cluster.local
...
```

Record this DNS name for use in a later step.

## Configure Prometheus for OSM

> Prometheus needs to be configured to scape the OSM endpoints and properly handle OSM's labeling, relabelling, and endpoint configuration. This configuration also helps Grafana dashboard, which is configured in a later step, properly display the data scraped from OSM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prometheus needs to be configured to scape the OSM endpoints and properly handle OSM's labeling, relabelling, and endpoint configuration. This configuration also helps the OSM Grafana dashboards, which are configured in a later step, properly display the data scraped from OSM.
```

Author: fixed

---
title: "Integrate OSM with Prometheus and Grafana"
description: "Describes how to set up an OSM-specific configuration and dashboards with your own Prometheus and Grafana stack"
type: docs
weight: 25
---

# Integrate OSM with your own Prometheus and Grafana stack

The following article shows you how to create an example bring your own (BYO) Prometheus and Grafana stack on your cluster and configure that stack for observability and monitoring of OSM. For an example using an automatic provisioning of a Prometheus and Grafana stack with OSM, see the [Observability](https://docs.openservicemesh.io/docs/getting_started/observability/) getting started guide.

> The configuration created in this article should not be used in production environments. For production-grade deployments, see [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/master/Documentation/user-guides/getting-started.md) and [Deploy Grafana in Kubernetes](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/installation/kubernetes/).

Author: changed to important for higher visibility. I didn't realize you had notes/callouts so thank you for seeing this
